complain -> warn mode (#44851)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/security/apparmor.md

application to reduce its potential attack surface and provide greater in-depth defense. It is
configured through profiles tuned to allow the access needed by a specific program or container,
such as Linux capabilities, network access, file permissions, etc. Each profile can be run in either

> *enforcing* mode, which blocks access to disallowed resources, or *warn* mode, which only reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*enforced* mode, which blocks access to disallowed resources, or *complaining* mode, which only reports
```
As per https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/security-apparmor the only two modes are: Enforced/confined and Complaining/learning. There is no warn mode. @haripriya9647  can you elaborate on your change?
